add Client connection test (#571)
okta/okta-sdk-java: README.md

 
Hard-coding the Okta domain and API token works for quick tests, but for real projects you should use a more secure way of storing these values (such as environment variables). This library supports a few different configuration sources, covered in the [configuration reference](#configuration-reference) section.

In some cases, it maybe needed to check if the client is ready and able to execute requests. The _**isReady**_ method can be used for this. It does not produce exceptions if the wrong orgUrl or token have been used, but it returns a boolean indicating the client readiness.

> [//]: # (method: isReadyChecking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # (method: isClientReady)
```

> In some cases, it maybe needed to check if the client is ready and able to execute requests. The _**isReady**_ method can be used for this. It doesn't produce exceptions if the wrong orgUrl or token have been used, but it returns boolean. As a parameter, you have to provide a method reference based on which the ready state will be checked. Recommended realization:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In some cases, it maybe needed to check if the client is ready and able to execute requests. The _**isReady**_ method can be used for this. It does not produce exceptions if the wrong orgUrl or token have been used, but it returns a boolean indicating the client readiness.
```

```java
boolean isClientReadyStatus = client.isReady(client::listApplications);
```

> [//]: # (end: isReadyChecking)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[//]: # (end: isClientReady)
```

    .setClientId("{clientId}")
    .setScopes(new HashSet<>(Arrays.asList("okta.users.read", "okta.apps.read")))
    .setPrivateKey("/path/to/yourPrivateKey.pem")

>     // (or) .setPrivateKey("full PEM payload");

Reviewer 2: Do we really need a semicolon symbol here?

Author: 🤣 
@sergiishamrai-okta It is your changes from here: https://github.com/okta/okta-sdk-java/blob/4170c6847e1ecbc88639a23ee9c424c87af67920/examples/quickstart/src/main/java/quickstart/ReadmeSnippets.java#L80
